I'm love
hello I magic Jim I'm 20 I I what are
you now you're gonna what are you gonna
do take kick Charlotte ah ok come on get
your protein shake I'm just trying in
already let's get it out there what
cause you're gonna do today little guy
so rock climbing i kinda feels right
I my nigga hi
helihunter Helen carp amiga
strong one too strong 30 alright sounds
good what are you and allows then
up 1000 stand up you've been climbing
with some of the best climbers in the
world you've been out with hot Henry
you've met Nick sellers Zack Vince you
know Simon mints from Nana mark who's
been the most influential climber on
your career so far really wow the
organizers of gate fest and head judge
for the contest where our super
you gotta finish it going to finish the
choppy little guy I've told that cloning
you think she chopped you can I have it
okay
you got the climbing wall all right one
more session let's go